feat: add configurable GraphQL request timeouts (#289)
linearis-oss/linearis: README.md

Token resolution order: `--api-token` flag → `LINEAR_API_TOKEN` env → `~/.linearis/token` → `~/.linear_api_token` (deprecated).

> GraphQL requests time out after 30 seconds by default. Override the timeout for one command with `--graphql-timeout-ms`, or set `LINEAR_GRAPHQL_TIMEOUT_MS` for all commands in an environment. The flag takes precedence over the environment variable.
> 
> ```bash
> linearis --graphql-timeout-ms 5000 issues list
> LINEAR_GRAPHQL_TIMEOUT_MS=5000 linearis auth status
> ```

Reviewer: Accurate per attempt, but it reads as a per-command promise, and that's where people will get bitten.

`isRetryable()` matches on `"timed out"`, which is exactly what we throw on abort at `graphql-client.ts:159`. So a timeout is itself retryable: four attempts, plus 500ms + 1s + 2s of backoff. Someone sets 5000 wanting a fast fail in a script and waits about 23 seconds.

The retry behaviour is fine and predates this PR. It's the sentence that needs to be honest.

`````suggestion
Each request attempt times out after 30 seconds by default. Override it for one command with `--request-timeout-ms`, or set `LINEAR_REQUEST_TIMEOUT_MS` for all commands in an environment. The flag takes precedence over the environment variable.

Failed attempts are retried up to 3 times with backoff, so a command's total runtime can exceed the configured timeout.

```bash
linearis --request-timeout-ms 5000 issues list
LINEAR_REQUEST_TIMEOUT_MS=5000 linearis auth status
```
`````
